c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\Buoi1-2\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll.config
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.dll
C:\Users\duy00\Downloads\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll.config
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.dll
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\MSI-VN\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll.config
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.pdb
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.pdb
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll.config
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.pdb
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.dll
D:\QuanLyCuaHangSach\bookstore-management-system\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.pdb
